Private link chart (#8122)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/_private-connectivity-matrix.md

## Private connectivity feature matrix

> The following feature chart outlines private connectivity feature availability across <constant name="dbt_platform" /> multi-tenant (MT) and single-tenant (ST) environments. 

Author: ```suggestion
The following feature chart outlines the availability of private connectivity features across <constant name="dbt_platform" /> multi-tenant (MT) and single-tenant (ST) environments. 
```

> The following feature chart outlines the availability of private connectivity features across <constant name="dbt_platform" /> multi-tenant (MT) and single-tenant (ST) environments. <br /> 

Author: ```suggestion
The following feature chart outlines the availability of private connectivity features across <constant name="dbt_platform" /> [multi-tenant (MT) and single-tenant (ST)](/docs/cloud/about-cloud/tenancy) instances <br /> 
```
